Covid 19 voice assistant help document
--------------------------------------



Packages to be installed
------------------------

1. selenium
2. calender
3. time
4. scikitLearn
5. speech_recognition
6. pyaudio
7. pickle
8. datetime

software to be installed
------------------------
Here I am using chrome as the browser. So the latest version of chromedriver(which matches your chrome version) needs to be installed.
The link is for the installation file is available at https://sites.google.com/a/chromium.org/chromedriver/downloads



How to use it
-------------

The main file is that needs to be run is voice_activation.py. 

Initially there will be an option whether to update the files with the current number of covid data.
So we may need to give 'y' for the getting the latest update. Don't need to update it all the time you. once in every 1 hr is more than enough.

While updating the file, please avoid touching the mouse. These may lead to inaccurate results.
Also in some rare cases the program will give error if the mouse is moved.

The covid assistant has two parts

a. Statistical interface
	command much include "statistical Inferface"
	Here you can get the details of the current situation. It can give the 
	"active" , "total", "death", "recovered" cases in india.
	
	The state wise details is also provided if spoken with the name of the state.
	The district details are not included.

	For example, one can say,
        "get the current details in India."
	"what is the total cases in kerala"
	"How many death cases are there in karnataka"
	"How many of them recovered in Maharastra"
	"What is the active cases in Gujarath"

	These sentences will fetch the corresponding details the use want by voice messages


b. graphical interface
	command much include "graphical Inferface"
	Here you can get the details of the current situation. It can give the 
	"active" , "total", "death", "recovered" cases in india which will be availabe in a graphical format.

	The statewise and districtwise details are not included.

	For example, one can say,
        "get the current details in India."
	"graph for active cases in India"
	"plot the death in the country"
	"plot the recovered curve"

	These sentences will fetch the corresponding details the user want by showing the graphs
	
	For procceding further, the graph must be closed

For closing the voice assitant
command "terminate" is used to close the voice assistant.

The demonstation video is availabe in the google drive link - https://drive.google.com/file/d/1EDrSFhkHw5xU12kUSYSyRL9J0Y0TWGyq/view?usp=sharing


